# LilyBot 5.0.0

This release contains several major changes to how events are logged, making them all run off of discord events rather 
than the commands that triggered them. It also contains several new logging aspects, such as channel updates and role 
updates.
You can find  the full changelog below.

New:
* Added an option to the moderation config to choose whether moderators are automatically invited to new threads. #382 
(Thanks TheKodeToad)
* Implement temporary-bans. #391
* Log loads more events #410
* `/about copyright` command to display allow the licencing from KordEx to be respected.

Change:
* Revert back to using KMongo because the official Kotlin MongoDB driver is a train wreck.
* Stop using Discord Moderation Actions because it was proving to be a burden rather than an aid.
* Allow multiple roles to be pinged into a thread with auto-threads. #386
* Update to Kotlin 2, Java 21, KordEx 2.2.0 and the latest version of all dependencies
* Restructure packages for easier viewing #417
* DMs default to false on moderation commands #421

Fix:
* Reminders are now properly cancelled when using the moderation command for cancelling reminders.
* Fix old messages randomly showing up in the edit logs. #382
* Permissions are no longer forgotten when private channels are locked and unlocked. #395
* Fix the whole member object being dumped when using the kick command. Lol.
* Fix Lily being unable to unlock a channel after she locks it
* Make the timeout command actually apply a timeout :0
* Fix auto-threading not starting threads when content-aware-naming is enabled and there is no text in the message.

You can find a list of all the commits in this update [here](https://github.com/hyacinthbots/LilyBot/compare/v4.9.0...v5.0.0)
