# LilyBot 4.0.0

After months of development, the days is finally here. The long awaited config rewrite has been merged, bringing 
improvements, bug fixes, new features and an overall improvement in usability.
You can find the full changelog below, grab the popcorn, it's a long one!

* Restructure the config system to use multiple commands for setting different areas of the config. The new available
    options are: `config support`, `config moderation`, `config logging`, `config misc` and `config clear`. You can find
    full information on these commands in the [commands list](/docs/commands.md).

* Restructure the internal database set up entirely, taking much inspiration from the database set up of 
    [cozy](https://github.com/QuiltMC/cozy-discord). From now on, migrations can be done cleanly, without the hassle 
    of merging a PR and then reverting it.

* Improve the config present check, allowing us to check for specific parts of the config being present or not, reducing
    the number of incorrect config failures for users.

* Make use of a channel check that will get the target mod log channel, if it fails to do so due to an error in the 
    permissions, it will reset the target config and send a message in the first channel it can, to inform the staff
    that the config has been reset and permissions of a channel need fixing.

* Certain aspects of the config system contain an `enable` flag now, allowing you to choose what you do and don't want 
    Lily to do for you.

* Remove the quick action dropdown from the report system, as we gathered it was barely every used by the end user.

* No longer delete the moderator invitation message in thread inviting.

* Rename `MemberJoinLeave` to `MemberLogging` and `JoinLeaveDetection` to `GuildLogging`.

* Reminders can now have custom repeat intervals. In < 4.0.0 reminders would always repeat daily. Now you can choose the
    interval at which they repeat. The minimum repeating interval is 1 hour.

* Moderators can now cancel reminders for users if they feel the reminder system is being abused. This can be done with
    the same commands as for the public, however the mod variants are prefixed with `mod-`.

* Make use of the provided `pluralkit` module in KordEx to improve the integration of PluralKit into our features.

* Add new logging channel. Utility log. This is where updates that don't quite fit moderation log will go. This like tag
    edits and nickname requests wil be here.

* There is now an option to publicly say when there is a moderation action taken. When this is enabled, an embed will be
    sent in the channel where the command was run.

You can find a list of all the commits in this update [here](https://github.com/hyacinthbots/LilyBot/compare/v3.5.5...v4.0.0)
